**TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR DEVELOPMENT AND USE**

1.  **Definitions.**

\"Contribution\" shall mean any work of authorship, including the
original version of the Work and any modifications or additions to that
Work or Derivative Works thereof, that is intentionally submitted to
Licensor for inclusion in the Work by the copyright owner or by an
individual or Legal Entity authorized to submit on behalf of the
copyright owner. For the purposes of this definition, \"submitted\"
means any form of electronic, verbal, or written communication sent to
the Licensor or its representatives, including but not limited to
communication on electronic mailing lists, source code control systems,
and issue tracking systems that are managed by, or on behalf of, the
Licensor for the purpose of discussing and improving the Work, but
excluding communication that is conspicuously marked or otherwise
designated in writing by the copyright owner as \"Not a Contribution.\"

\"**Contributor**\" shall mean Licensor and any individual or Legal
Entity on behalf of whom a contribution has been received by Licensor
and subsequently incorporated within the Work.

\"**Derivative Works**\" shall mean any work, whether in Source or
Object form, that is based on (or derived from) the Work and for which
the editorial revisions, annotations, elaborations, or other
modifications represent, as a whole, an original work of authorship. For
the purposes of this License, Derivative Works shall not include works
that remain separable from, or merely link (or bind by name) to the
interfaces of, the Work and Derivative Works thereof.

\"**Legal Entity**\" shall mean the entirety of the acting entity and
all other entities that control, are controlled by, or are under common
control with that entity. For the purposes of this definition,
\"control\" means (i) the power, direct or indirect, to cause the
direction or management of such entity, whether by contract or
otherwise, or (ii) ownership of fifty percent (50%) or more of the
outstanding shares, or (iii) beneficial ownership of such entity.

\"**License**\" shall mean the terms and conditions for use,
reproduction, and distribution as defined by Sections 1 through 9 of
this document.

\"**Licensor**\" shall mean **eSync Technology LLC,** the copyright
owner that is granting the License.

\"**Object**\" form shall mean any form resulting from mechanical
transformation or translation of a Source form, including but not
limited to compiled object code, generated documentation, and
conversions to other media types.

\"**Source**\" form shall mean the preferred form for making
modifications, including but not limited to software source code,
documentation source, and configuration files.

\"**Work**\" shall mean the work of authorship, whether in Source or
Object form, made available under the License, as indicated by a
copyright notice that is included in or attached to the work (an example
is provided in the Appendix below).

\"**You**\" (or \"Your\" or "Licensee") shall mean an individual or
Legal Entity exercising permissions granted by this License.

2.  **Grant of Copyright License.**

Subject to the terms and conditions of this License, each Contributor
hereby grants to You **only for evaluation and demonstration purposes**
a perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free,
irrevocable copyright license to reproduce, prepare Derivative Works of,
publicly display, publicly perform~~,~~ the Work and such Derivative
Works in Object form.

3.  **Grant of Patent License.**

Subject to the terms and conditions of this License, each Contributor
hereby grants to You **only for evaluation and demonstration purposes**
a perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free,
irrevocable (except as stated in this section) patent license to make
and use the Work, where such license applies only to those patent claims
licensable by such Contributor that are necessarily infringed by their
Contribution(s) alone or by combination of their Contribution(s) with
the Work to which such Contribution(s) was submitted. If You institute
patent litigation against any entity (including a cross-claim or
counterclaim in a lawsuit) alleging that the Work a Contribution
incorporated within the Work constitutes direct or contributory patent
infringement, then any patent licenses granted to You under this License
for that Work shall terminate as of the date such litigation is filed.

4.  **Licensed Materials Ownership.**

The Licensed Materials are licensed, not sold to Licensee, and can only
be used in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. Subject to the
licenses granted to Licensee pursuant to this Agreement, Licensor and
its licensors own, and shall continue to own, all right, title, and
interest in and to the Licensed Materials, including all copies thereof.
Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed as a license to any
intellectual property rights of eSync Technology LLC or any Contributor
other than those rights in this License provided to Licensee by eSync
Technology LLC. EXCEPT AS PROVIDED HEREIN, NO OTHER LICENSE, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, BY ESTOPPEL OR OTHERWISE, TO ANY OTHER ESYNC TECHNOLOGY LLC OR
CONTRIBUTOR INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS IS GRANTED HEREIN.

5.  **Submission of Contributions.**

Unless You explicitly state otherwise, any Contribution intentionally
submitted for inclusion in the Work by You to the Licensor shall be
under the terms and conditions of this License, without any additional
terms or conditions. Notwithstanding the above, nothing herein shall
supersede or modify the terms of any separate license agreement you may
have executed with Licensor regarding such Contributions.

6.  **No Technical Support.**

Licensor and its contributors are under no obligation to install,
maintain or support the Works.

7.  **Trademarks.**

This License does not grant permission to use the trade names,
trademarks, service marks, or product names of the Licensor, except as
required for reasonable and customary use in describing the origin of
the Work and reproducing the content of the NOTICE file.

8.  **Disclaimer of Warranty.**

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, Licensor
provides the Work (and each Contributor provides its Contributions) on
an \"AS IS\" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either
express or implied, including, without limitation, any warranties or
conditions of TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, or FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE. You are solely responsible for determining the
appropriateness of using or redistributing the Work and assume any risks
associated with Your exercise of permissions under this License.

9.  **Limitation of Liability.**

In no event and under no legal theory, whether in tort (including
negligence), contract, or otherwise, unless required by applicable law
(such as deliberate and grossly negligent acts) or agreed to in writing,
shall any Contributor be liable to You for damages, including any
direct, indirect, special, incidental, or consequential damages of any
character arising as a result of this License or out of the use or
inability to use the Work (including but not limited to damages for loss
of goodwill, work stoppage, computer failure or malfunction, or any and
all other commercial damages or losses), even if such Contributor has
been advised of the possibility of such damages.

10. **Governing Law and Severability; Waiver.**

This Agreement will be governed by and interpreted in accordance with
the laws of the State of California, without reference to conflict of
laws principles. If for any reason a court of competent jurisdiction
finds any provision of the Agreement to be unenforceable, that provision
will be enforced to the maximum extent possible to effectuate the intent
of the parties, and the remainder of the Agreement shall continue in
full force and effect. The parties agree that non-exclusive jurisdiction
for any dispute arising out of or relating to this Agreement lies within
the courts located in Alameda County, California. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, any judgment may be enforced in any United States or foreign
court, and either party may seek injunctive relief in any United States
or foreign court. Failure by eSync Technology LLC to enforce any
provision of this Agreement shall not be deemed a waiver of future
enforcement of that or any other provision in this Agreement or any
other agreement that may be in place between the parties.

Subject to the parties' agreement, eSync Technology LLC may grant a
production license to use the Works for commercial products per terms to
be negotiated separately. For more information contact
[license@esynctechllc.com](about:blank)

**APPENDIX: How to apply the eSync Technology LLC License to your work**

To apply the eSync Technology LLC License to your Derivative Work for
evaluation and demonstration purposes, attach the following boilerplate
notice, with the fields enclosed by brackets \"\[\]\" replaced with your
own identifying information. (Don\'t include the brackets!) The text
should be enclosed in the appropriate comment syntax for the file
format. We also recommend that a file or class name and description of
purpose be included on the same \"printed page\" as the copyright notice
for easier identification within third-party archives.

Copyright \[yyyy\] \[name of copyright owner\]

Licensed under the eSync Technology LLC License, Version 2.0 (the
\"License\"); you may not use this file except in compliance with the
License.

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an \"AS IS\" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.
